Add reference-based gene symbol conversion (#14)
AlexsLemonade/rOpenScPCA: data-raw/README.md

This directory contains scripts to download and preprocess data used within the rOpenScPCA package.
There are also notebooks that explore some of the prepared datasets for exploration.

## Building Gene References

- The `build_gene_references.R` script creates a table of Ensembl id to gene symbol references.

> It starts with the example ScPCA-formatted SCE object stored in test data, extracting the table of gene ids and gene symbols.
> This is combined with the reference information extracted from example 10x Genomics datasets.
> The full table is saved in `data/scpca_gene_reference.rda`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script extracts the table of gene ids and gene symbols from the example ScPCA-formatted SCE object and combines it with the reference information extracted from example 10x Genomics datasets.
The full table is saved in `data/scpca_gene_reference.rda`.
```

Reviewer: take it or leave it, your text is also fine.

actually though, should we say "example sce" or "test sce"?

Reviewer: Might also say that re-running this script will overwrite the data

Author: Updated the text
